Customer Support Strategy Meeting

roham mehrabi
May 11 at 5:02 pm
27 min

Copy Summary

Summary

Transcript
Template

General
Keywords
customer support, bandwidth constraint, search functionality, CRM, door suppliers, qualification criteria, enrichment, API endpoints, fundraising, enterprise customers, custom solutions, prospecting, email finder, sales campaigns, ICP (Ideal Customer Profile)
Speakers
Speaker 1 (40%), Speaker 2 (35%), Speaker 3 (18%), Speaker 4 (7%), Speaker 5 (1%)
Hello, hello.
How are you, bro, great.
Now I see you, Christopher, how have you been?
Been good. I've been good. Happy for so good, good, man. It's been a while, huh? Yeah,
it wasn't last time I chatted
like probably, like, right after I left, but like, it's been passing by pretty quickly, though.
Yeah, no. I just meant like, do you remember like, the last time we interacted? Well, like, in person, or just in general, like, I mean, like, like, I don't know how much you know about, like, the satisfied company, like, where we're
at, um, sarth was kind of going through a little bit of stuff. I went through all the docs and the videos that you guys had, um, and he told me to make an account on everything. So I've pretty much read everything that's on the website. But besides that, I haven't been super in the loop. You
got you got me? Yeah, things have been going well. A lot of progress. We start to mention that you like, want to start getting, get started on some things. Yeah? Like, okay, we have, like, this one customer that I like, been failing to support, just because, like, bandwidth constraint, yeah. And so, like, I think it'd be, like, super useful if you could, like, support him, like, really thoroughly, and, like, just, like, really understand, like, kind of, like, like, just like, yeah, kind of like, you kind of saw how we were supporting conduit, right? Like, we kind of have more sophisticated feeling now, things like, work a little bit better, but, you know, there's still quite a bit of manual stuff. But like, this guy's use case is, I think, better and, like, a good and, like, a good learning experience. Okay, so, yeah. So essentially, we have, like this search functionality now on, like, on 64 as far as 20, I feel like it is, yeah. Okay, nice, yeah. So we have this one customer. Sarth actually sent me the list. Okay,
hello, sarth.
What's up? How you doing? My guy?
I'm good. Man. Just came back from your end, and then
your camera's like, zooming in and out. You got one of these moving cameras,
or what it's like, the new laptop. He does things. Oh, bro.
So Chris was kind of diving into, I told him I went over the docs in the videos, and he was just going over, like, basically, how you guys have this one guy that you haven't really been able to support due to bandwidth. And he said, it'll be like a good use case to get started, and since there's still, like, you guys have a lot more stuff built, but there's a little bit of manual work. So he was, we're just kind of getting started on that. He was about to, yeah, I think,
yeah. I think he gave you basically a good rundown, because we have so many customers now, and, you know, we also want to focus on, like, the more important, like enterprise customers, right? But there's a lot of these small ones that we are not dropping until fundraising, or even after fundraising, we decide what you want to do with them. You know, there's, it just requires a lot of work that Chris right now is like, currently putting in his own time. So I think would be a good way for you to get started, to actually understand what are the things we can do. And then when you come back, we can talk about the more engineering focus
teams. Then, okay, okay, that sounds good. Wait, so when you say, figure out things we can do, and then engineering focus later on, what's it gonna be like?
Like, right now it's like, just so I can tell you what we're thinking about here, right? Like, yeah, the fundraise. So I don't know if Chris told you, but we are kind of moving towards, like, just servicing enterprises. Okay? So basically, we're working with these really massive companies, and we double down on that. And what that would take is, we're gonna be probably going for like, really big contracts, and as a part of the contract, we will have basically, forward, according to help them with like, different things, right? Setting up things, you know, building custom things for them, you know, like, how does that remember when we did the backlink thing? Right? That's where we would need, like, set up custom
things, custom solutions before, like, on top of the shit that we're giving them, that's, like the main value add,
exactly, right? So that's where we think you would be really valuable, right? But then, for that, you first understand the pipeline and how things are done. And I feel like the use case is a very good way to get started.
Yeah, sorry, you sent me the search list, right? Like I
did. It's somewhere in our chat history. I can see if I can find it again.
Yeah? I was just thinking, can go through it with him. You want to give
him some giving people an unknown of what you're doing, yeah? So
essentially, like, there's several things here. So this, this is, like, a little bit of an interesting use case, so we actually have access to our CRM. So several things first, we've sort of ran like a search query to find all the door suppliers in like the California area. What we are interested in is finding all the door suppliers with like div eight estimators, or have some div eight position, or are a customer of a software called Emilian that essentially, that would qualify them as a potential build AI customer. And so we're very interested in these things. Yeah, we are also interested in our LinkedIn, because that's how we run the drip flight campaigns. And that's like, you know how they're doing top of funnel, like emails have been very poor on conversion, so essentially, SARS will share the search function results. And so then the goal here is to make sure that they're qualified, that they all like, are either a million customers of like software, or they have, like, some debate estimator on staff, and they are, like, truly a door supplier, like,
like, doesn't really matter if they're a million customers or not, or can it just be like a
million customers? One qualification criteria, if they're million customer, that means they're perfectly qualified. Okay, must
cut you off. But aren't we kind of, aren't the tools already somewhat be are able to do that by having, by asking whether they're a million customer. Is that how you say it, like, through including that in the structure
of the API, yeah, yeah.
I think we can. It's just like, it's difficult to, like, ascertain whether it's right or not. But like, yeah,
around with the prompting to get it right. Because, like, you need to pass in the right research prompt. You need to pass in like, yeah, the tool can sometimes pick it up. But like, oftentimes there's, like, other cues that just yeah, you need to explain to the agent actually for it to pick it up properly. That makes sense.
Okay, okay. That makes sense,
yeah. And like, also, like, honestly, the qualification criteria you can run for these guys, like, just in the struct, is, like, would they be a good a million customer or not? Like, honestly, it's irrelevant. If they actually use a million, like, if, if they're like, fit a millions ICP, and they fit, like, build AI as ICP, just because like, llms will have more knowledge, like, baked into them about a million, because they're such a large player. So that might actually be useful. Like, yeah, criteria felt like this. Like, okay, wait, let me show you several things. Can you enable screen sharing? Yeah, already did. I Perfect. So first like, let's go to their audio. So first like, this is everybody in their CRM, right now. I um, so this is the list of companies. Basically, several things. What you can do is you can reverse search fees to, I don't want to change anything, reverse search these to find, like, even more in depth ICP criteria. Basically, anybody that's on this list is, like, fully qualified. And these are like, we just want to, like, find similar companies to everybody that's on this everybody that's on this list. Okay, so I can just, like, make the list now and I'll send this here, and that's essentially it, just find all the companies that are similar to the people on here. So first, like, what you can do is you can enrich each one of these companies, and once you so a million is actually a software company. This is not their ICP, but if they are a million customers, then that means it's good. So essentially, what build AI is doing is they're selling their software to suppliers that are door suppliers, store and Windows suppliers, to do, like, automated estimation. And so a million is another software company that's used for, like, some supply side thing, and it's typically, like, used in the door industry, which is, like, why is the qualification criteria, yeah. But everybody else on here is a construction is, like a supplying company,
yeah. Okay, so I guess, okay, yeah.
So I guess for a million, since they're a software company, we need to find, we need to find the, find the the leads that would are either using or would be a good fit to use them. But what are we looking for in terms of the other the construction companies is just, are these? Yes,
we want them to be door suppliers. So essentially, the easiest way, I think, that like to describe this is enrich all the companies I'm about to send you using our API struct and, like, just get as much detail about them, and then from there, construct, like, some commonalities between them. Like, the patterns will emerge, right? Like, these are, like, all door companies. Like, really, the high level. It's like they're all the door ICP, like they're just door suppliers and what have you. But like, once you understand, you'll have, like, a lot more detailed information.
Okay, cool, that makes sense. And here's the thing, right? I can use the tools, but you also mentioned that I need to play around with the tools to be able to get the best results as well, right? Besides just using enrichment, I need to actually, like, be able to play around with enrichment. I mean,
if you can, if sometimes, what happens is, if you find, like, custom, like some script on a website or something, or just like any other queue is where you can find the best candidate list, yeah. I mean, that could be very useful, right in itself. Okay, okay, so it's what we are basically sharing, is just one of the potential starting points, right? And then you'll have to kind of play around and look for things that, you know, you think are a benefit, you know,
okay, yeah, essentially, if you what you can do, like, the way I would approach this problem, I have approached it is first, like, enrich, like, all of these companies with, like, just, like, get really detailed information about all of them, and then throw it all into, like, an LM and be like, hey, summarize this for me. Or, like, what's a good geographical based search query given this information, and then run that query using our search endpoint. Yeah. Okay. And then, once you do that, like, you should find a list of customers, like, a list of things, and then enrich all of those using our API endpoints, and then qualify them with regards to like, the enrichment criteria you did here, like, are like, the thing you can ask is, like, do they meet? Like, XYZ, like, commonalities between these guys? If so, then, like, yes, good. And then find all the leads for them. And like, get the decision makers. And for the decision makers, we probably want somebody that's like, like, somebody that's in A C suite for, like, honestly, just C suite. And then if we can get anybody that's, like, in charge of, like, software procurement, I don't even know, like, what that position is, I think we have a picture. Let me find it.
We have the table picture. I like the picture we took on the table,
yeah,
yeah. What is this a table? It's
like, just like we went to their place and they do something. I mean, you went to build a place, remember? Yeah, I do,
yeah. They didn't hire that guy in the workshop, by the way. Why? What happened? You wanted so much money? Oh,
wow, yeah, yeah, bro, it's because you, you thought he was trying to get paid for trainer as well, not just freaking software. Yeah, it's
unfortunate, but it's actually pretty more. It's very common, you know,
yeah, Bro,
wait, it's really funny. Like, like, one day, like, we I saw both build AI and onyx AI on the front page that said hiring, founding, end because, like, my friend had just quit on x and then build, I just like, let go their personal work trial. It's like, on the front page of H, and I was like, there's, like, two hiring positions, like, both of them. I was like, we're connected to it's really funny. Yeah. So if you look at the picture I just sent, essentially the target, like the ICP are, is door suppliers. So it might be easier to look at it like this, yeah. So what we're targeting is door suppliers, yeah, like, that's what we want. So Steelcraft, for example, is a supplier of doors. But we're very invested in door suppliers. Asa Abloy, a legend. These guys are commercial suppliers, I think is what it says. Awesome.
Yeah,
hardware, doors.com, software, what
the hell. So those guys are another qualification criteria, like, essentially, if we find a million customers, that makes them qualified, if they're consent customers, they're fully qualified. If they're code customers, that means they're likely qualified. And if they're hardware for doors.com, customers, that means they're also qualified. Those essentially, are all just, like, easy ways to, like, narrow down the search space. Essentially, if there's any company that mentions that you're using one of these services, that means they're a good customer. So like, what you can look for, like in the enriched companies, is like a job, like you can say is a million customer build a job or whatever, because like a million is like a skill that might be listed on a job posting somewhere. Yeah,
a lot of Yeah. I'm also recording this,
okay, that makes sense. I get
essentially like, like, yeah. What I would do is, yeah, if you could just just enrich the companies that just sent you reverse search that, like, come up with a geographical based query based on that, use our search endpoint, collect all of them, re enrich them, and, like, stratify by like, are they relevant to the initial companies I sent you? Like, just re, filter in the enrichment. And then that should be it. Actually, I think that's the whole pipeline. And then if you can send that back, like, a lead list with that like, that, you perfect.
And then you have the three tools, right? You have, obviously, the in which company you have, the when you run in which company, can find the people who work there. Then you can enrich the leads themselves. And then you can also find the email to the final email function. So you can basically build that in type pipeline, just like the candidate selection is the biggest problem right now. So just figure out how to get through the candidate selection, and then after that, the enrichment stuff and just getting the needs to be, yeah,
that should be a process. Also, another thing I wanted to bring up was, okay, so wait before I get into that. So this seems like, you know, a decent amount, like, like, a very like, not, not a large amount of companies, this is definitely doable. When do you when? When are they looking when do they want this way? I
mean, like, two months ago. Like, if you could, if you could send this, like, like, Yeah, over the next two days, that'd
be great. Yeah, they wanted
this two months ago. They wanted
this when I was there, probably, yeah,
yeah. Like, actually, we've been
behind on them, and then we want to charge them, because we have fundraising for them this week. So next month, end of this month, we just want to move as much as
possible here, you know. So what are you what are you fundraising end of this month? Like in the next month,
23rd is the first 1/23.
Oh, yeah. I think we have two calls that day, and then we have like, two more booked already, and then a friend of ours is going to make with a lot of intros over the next like week or so, so we'll have lots of calls booked soon. Wow,
I'm solid, bro. I'm really excited. Bro. You guys, like, ready? Or how are things? Yeah, we
know the process. Yeah.
Like, I think what we matter is for us, like fundraising is like whatever I think that people want to send, and that's what we'd be like most of penalties going towards. But then we also know that fundraising by itself would be like a whole thing in itself. You know, it'll take a lot of effort, usually, people just for two weeks, that's all they do, right? So we would need somebody to help us kind of do the deliveries for the customers. But we're not there, you know. Or, you know, we can have less effort, but, like, focus more on fundraise, and then, you know,
he's like, he uses more energy.
Yeah, so actually, it's interesting. You brought this up on call because I was expecting you to, I was expecting you guys to ask me what you what you thought of the doc. And I was, I was thinking about it, and I was like, these tools, like they, they're great individually, but the way you can mix and match them for different purposes, to make them custom, as you brought up, is like, you know, is what is where the values derive, this specific workflow of integrating these tools for each customer.
So is this? Yeah,
so where we are kind of going towards, basically at earlier, is like, let's say you are, I'll give an example for, let's say clipboard health is one of our companies that we're speaking to, right? In our company, they sell to basically, they're basically Uber for nurses. That's what they call themselves. So basically, you know, like, how in hospitals you have nurses, and nurses usually, like our contractual staff, right? They keep changing. So they basically help. They basically are marketplace between hospitals and nurses, especially like sellers, right? So what they want to do is, first of all, they want to track all the nursing centers in the US and more, right? Nursing centers is one of the things, like hospitals XYZ, right? They want to know how things are changing, right? If a private equity practice buys a nursing center, that's a good opportunity to go and sell it to them, right? Or if the leadership just changed, right? Like you had some ex now, a new CEO just came into this nursing center, that means there's a new opportunity to actually go inside to this CEO instead of the previous one, right? Yeah. Basically, the way we look at it is like, if you've seen fast and few words, there's this thing called God's eye, right? Basically, yeah, we basically are doing the same thing, which is, we have your time. We track everything we know entirety of your track Tam, and we track everything about them. How are they growing? What are things changing about them? Companies are currently not time, but will be in your time the next six months. You know, we attract basically all of this in real time, if that makes sense. Okay,
yeah, actually, that makes sense. And this is also super dual, because most of these scraping services have this thing where you can run it again, and also you can just do another query and then compare it to using, like, a LLM be like, it's
not looking at it. It's just gonna, it's just like, it's gonna cost us a lot of money to build, because, like, you know, yeah, but they get really expensive, really soon, right? We want to be building our own things. And then every customer has a different use case. Some customers want us to track something some customers want us to track something else, right? Some customers care about news clipping. Some customers care about, like, sec documents, right? So this, you can see where this is, this is where, like, the custom solutions come in, right? Like, what to track, how to track and how to how to actually build this for these people, right? Yeah, obviously, for the sales team to do prospecting and stuff that is all easy. It's like the clear outcome card is pretty easy here to build, right? You have a deal this year, enriched you find the emails and stuff. That's the easy part. I think this is going to be the hard part. And this is this is where most of our customers are willing to pay as a ship normally, the custom, yeah, like 2030, 40k, per month, you know, at least, yeah, yeah. This is where we kind of moving towards. That
makes sense. That's, actually, yeah, that's, that's, that's solid,
bro. And it's impossible to do. I'm not sure why nobody has done it yet, you know, yeah, bro,
this what point of a startup? Why hasn't anyone done any other stuff the YC companies?
I mean, there's a few companies that are doing it, but they're doing it a very general level, right? They're only basically looking at, like a static data set of job postings and stuff like that. So they're not really doing it, you know, and accuracy for that one specific customer is really important, right? So, yeah, that's where we are kind of
moving towards, okay, solid, broke. And then can I get an, uh, can I get an API key and everything to get started? Can you make an organization? Yeah, it's called 32 AI or something.
Let me make it here right now. Um,
did you guys have the pricing up there before? And then you switch for the video, because I saw in the video the pricing was there. And then I go, and it's contact sales. Then I go, and it's contact sales. Did you guys like switch back
to contact sales? Or, I mean, you can buy the you
can buy the enrichment, the inbound enrichment API, which is where the pricing is, but that is, like, we might actually shut it down, yeah, let's say one of the examples of what you could do with this tech, though, like, you know, like, we put this entire tool that can, in theory, any single, every single time somebody signs up on your website to tell you everything about them, right?
But, you know, that
was one of the things. Wait, Chris. Why are the emails missing? Oh, interesting. Why is your two email addresses columns
when we just said,
share with these guys.
You muted. You muted. I can't hear you, ask cursor, excuse me.
Sorry. The email address is from like what we did initially, like what was picked up with just the enrich leads, and then the email address is, like, from our find email function, oh,
nice, but email addresses too, because we have, we, I
mean, it's just there's both columns so you can compare.
But like this, yeah,
we want to prefer like, personal emails, right? No,
no. But like, yeah, we do want to prefer personal emails, but very few personal emails. Oh, really? I mean, yeah, even most of the ones we found, like in a rich lead, are corporate emails, not personal
Yeah? I mean, yeah, I can see where the personal emails were found. It is using that as
as a priority. Nice, yeah.
Also, there's something I was just really curious about. So for the email finder, I noticed that you guys had a brute force method where you guys basically just check whether a lot of different variations are how are you guys picking those variations? Oh, we removed it. Okay, you're not doing that anymore.
So now the way it works is,
one second I'm gonna make API key. So the way it is work working now is for email finder. It is first like search, up, Roden, email, right? XYZ on the internet, try to see if we can find something, and then if it doesn't find it, we basically use an external vendor called any mail finder that does the they basically, basically do the boot source. Now,
yeah, because, because I know a lot of these tools that can find it from different platforms, like LinkedIn and everything, right? Like on Twitter as well. So yeah, the
reason why we removed it, I mean, obviously, is because it was not a good I mean, it's a good starting solution. It was not like a long term solution.
So, like, we really don't give a
shit about email finding at this point, to be very honest. Like contact information. If you pick it up while enriching that's fine, but it's not a good use of our time in a way, because you want to focus on what we're actually good at, right? We just find other information. Yeah, there's also individual
tools for email finding anyway, right? Exactly. Also,
I just just refresh your dashboard, and you should see the new MPI
key, solid. Let me check it out.
Okay, solid, I see it.
Um, no, that'll be it. I won't take more of your guys' time, but this is I can. I should have,
I should have the study by tomorrow,
afternoon, evening, probably, yeah,
okay, let me also send you some of the CSVs he sent me that I had enriched. Okay, there's like, some LinkedIn Sales now exports that he had. So these are the like. These are the enriched ones that I could from his sales now and then. Here's the ones that he like had previously given me.
Okay,
let me just do the domain ones.
So the first two, the ones I said you were the one that I wished and then feel free for and then, here's like his initial sales, salesman exports.
And then, and then,
here's what else he told me,
that's it. But I guess all in all, the deliverable is enriching these companies that you send, right? It's, yeah, I
mean, it's all just enrichment, like, all it was enriched them, and then like, filter, like, added, like, a debate. Filter was like, Are they, like the true ICP match or not.
So, yeah, just just
like the CSV I shared earlier. It was just like the random CSV of door suppliers I found in class earlier, right? It might be worth looking into it to see if it actually is any good.
Which one is that the door supplies or CSV underscore? It's
just like a random CSV I found. Where did you
find it? Like it was like a one off, like downloadable thing or no,
it's like, if you see, if you go to the platform, now that you are on the platform, actually you have API key. If you reframe, you go to the playground,
agentic search uploads, yes.
So this was the result from agentic search.
Interesting. Yeah, okay, okay.
Um, yes, all of guys. Awesome.
Great talk to you guy